#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
apache-beam[gcp]==2.43.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachecontrol==0.14.2
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
deepdiff==5.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.15
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
elasticsearch==7.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
firebase-admin==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataflow-client
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==2.123.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataflow-client
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.5.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.13.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==1.7.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-translate
google-cloud-dataflow-client==0.8.13
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-datastore==1.15.5
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-ndb
google-cloud-dlp==3.26.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-firestore==2.19.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-language==1.3.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-logging==3.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-ndb==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.27.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.11.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.7.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-spanner==3.51.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-tasks==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-translate==3.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-videointelligence==1.16.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==1.0.2
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.66.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-translate
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
idna==3.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
mailchimp3==3.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
mutagen==1.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pyarrow
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
objsize==0.5.2
    # via apache-beam
opentelemetry-api==1.29.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-sdk==1.29.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsub
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.50b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.14
    # via apache-beam
overrides==7.7.0
    # via google-cloud-pubsublite
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pytest
pillow==10.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-dataflow-client
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-translate
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-dataflow-client
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-tasks
    #   google-cloud-translate
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==9.0.0
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via google-cloud-ndb
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
pytest==7.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-ndb
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-ndb
regex==2024.11.6
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   mailchimp3
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-mock==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
result==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
simplejson==3.17.5
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   google-apitools
    #   hdfs
    #   html5lib
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   webapp2
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via google-cloud-spanner
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
webapp2==3.0.0b1
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.9
    # via webapp2
wheel==0.45.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.1
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
